Log entry who knows:
I began the day by playing Minecraft. I created a cube or two (it's really hard to count). I also played Bayonetta 3 and still can't preform the fucking loop signal. Also unlocked Bool. After that, I played in water with my sister. That was the gist of it, but in an attempt to make these longer and more verbose I will explain this more elaborately. I woke up probably around 8-9ish and was mentally forced to remove myself from the comfort of my bed to prevent restraining my body to a much smaller couch than preferred. Waking up any later would have resulted in my sister thefting the larger couch despite probably being half my size. Wasted more than necessary of my time indulging in the toilet humour provided by the television show labeled Captain Underpants based on the comic series of the same name. Granted, that's all I ever do in the mornings. Maybe a different show or two but it's how I've been waking up the grand majority of my life, excluding schooldays but those were added very recently. Even the previous journal entries consisted of me doing these actions over and over again constantly, and probably for a longer time the just this. However, I am okay accepting this as fate as I quite despise doing anything in the morning so delving deep into binge watching a show I won't manage to remember in two years time. Watched Youtube shorts after that, and it is quite addictive. Makes for great padding for the day, except that padding swiftly turns into the day, ruining any of your plans from it's addictive qualities, stripping away at your personal being slowly. After that I started to play Minecraft \[java edition] with fabric and immersive portals by quoteall (and all of its various addons (e.g. miniscaled)). I downloaded a map (more on that later) called Trippin Balls. This would be the start of half my day. I found a fake passage and fell right through dying in the process. This allowed me to unintentionally segment break meaning I could much easily continue. Alas, I had to investigate. I ultimately made a world. I started it with two intentions:
1. To learn more about the mod I had wasted more of my life into than I'd like to admit.
2. To make a 'Minecraft Map (that is some save file another person could experience to bring joy or other feelings into their body and mind alike)'
To start I found the position (0,0) in the overworld and also marked it. Then, after messing around a bit, created a portal eleven blocks north that led into the dimension jkm:endless_void_one I had recently created with the command `/dims add-dimension jkm:endless_void_one bright-void`. I made a red cube on the other side and (after endless struggling and finally consulting the soon to be Ai overloads) placed an introductory sign in it. There was no other exit to the cube other than the one you entered from, which still led back out to (0,0). Clicking on the sign teleported you to a different cube that was seemingly empty with no way out other than the sweet embrace of death itself, until you turn around that is, in which you will promptly notice another sign. Upon click it brings you right round to the cube you just left, with no differences. Struggling, you find yourself in an endless loop that will either end in a painless or very painful doom. Trying your hardest to continue or die you find yourself doing the improbable, standing on a block that may or may not be occupied by the cube containing you and your incarcerated soul, despite you being able to leave at any moment, by exiting the cube, world, or game. Anyways, you click the sign and after a bit of suffocating you fall into a small inescapable pit. "What to do, what to do", you mutter to yourself. That is until you begin to run into the walls in a crazed panic. Full force north and you fall into the ground in a blue cube. Level 2 appears on your screen, you did it. Okat that was a bit of a ramble. During the process of making the cubes I'd like to imagine I learnt more about the mod and Minecraft in whole, but who am I kidding, ultimately I will just forget all of this. Where was I, oh yeah. I ruined more time of mine on shorts before playing Bayonetta 3. After completing the fights I had left for me previously I went back and grabbed some Tears of blood to unlock a challenge. After a bit I completed it and moved forward. I traveled through quicksand and reached a temple. After playing, I played with my sister in water. Not much to explain here. Now I am here wasting more time on writing a use journal, but hey, I'm here anyways.
- Statistics:
	- Money:
		- No change
		- Hopefully change tomorrow
	- Health:
		- Showered
		- Brushed
		- 409 steps .2 miles
		- 5h screen time on phone (but an hour of that was writing this journal entry)
		- Played in water
	- Knowledge:
		- A bit about signs in minecraft
		- A bit about immersive portals commands
	- Nothing new.