Log entry #10 -
Today I did things. And to think that is the best introduction to this entry I could make. Fucked up arch again. It's slowly driving me insane. Okay, time to go on a bit of a rant here. I wake up for the day. I wanted to play Bayonetta since the night before, but wait to make sure to have the best experience. My sister (finally) wakes up. Asks to play switch. I agree because she commonly doesn't want to and I was going to be playing a lot. Asks if I want to play Mario Party. I agree, may as well if I'll be waiting till she's done. Picks 20 turns, which the game estimates to be 2 hours. I am a bit scared. We play, took a bot shorter than that. I hoped she would be done. She played practically every digital game we had for say about ten minutes. Bowser's fury, 3d world, mario maker, the sorts. I quietly despise her actions with headphones in (this is when I realised Arch was fucked). She doesn't really play the games, just interacts with them slightly before immediately moving on. Wanted to make cheese, to pass time, but it failed. I couldn't do anything about Finley playing since my end intentions would be playing all day most day from now onwards. Ultimately, she finally stopped when Momma came home and stole the television. Finally I could play the game I had been waiting to play since before the start of the day. This has by far been my longest rant, so to summarise:
> Be me
> Want to play new game
> Wait
> Get the console taken
> Play Mario Party
> Fuck up Arch
> Try to make cheese
> Finally manage to play at like 14:40
> Be happy

Also I helped with my father's wine making. It was a fine day, I'm glad I could finally make a long log entry.
- Statistics Time:
	- Money:
		- Fuck they never called: no change (was hoping for more)
	- Health:
		- 11h 12m screentime not the best. 9 hours youtube, 1h opera
		- Maybe showered (can't remember)
		- Brushed well
		- 1538 steps 0.7 miles
	- Knowledge:
		- Was hoping to learn some ags but instead got knowledge of what a segmentation fault is.
	- Nothing new.
