By wake I was tired as to be expected considering it is a common trend throughout my time here on earth. Unfortunately I decided to stay in bed for less than a single minute getting up resulting in my confinement to the smaller couch. By dawn I was already forced into going to what could be considered a volunteer testing lab, but truly that would give a negative connotation resulting in false imagery of what the place is truly like, so instead I will call it an inpatient study, which better suits what they are actually doing. I got my blood drawn (again) but this time it was more painful. It also may have bruised. Even as such, I do not care. I am helping people and getting money by doing so, and therefore have no qualms about the study. Upon getting home I was back on the blocky game known by humanity as Minecraft. This time I also got my sister Finley to play. I added a new section onto my map albeit it still needs to take form. Still working on level two unfortunately. I made a new world for Finley to experiment around on and taught her about the basics of Immersive Portals. It was enjoyable. Other than that I learnt a bit about brainfuck. Also played trash pandas where I came out on top by a considerable amount.
- Statisics:
	- Money: Increased hopefully
	- Health:
		- Still alive
		- 5h screentime (1h on geometry dash (this was when I learned more about brainfuck))
		- 2268 steps 1 mile
		- No shower
		- Brushed
		- Still didn't bike
	- Added Knowledge:
		- +++ \[>+++++<-] acts as 3\*5 in brainfuck
	- Summary of day (new but practically should serve as what my entries before yesterday were like)
		- Today I went shopping. I also played a lot of minecraft and got my sister to play as well. In addition, I leant about loops in brainfuck. That was about it.
> 		⦿ Wake up
> 		Go somewhere
> 		Play minecraft
> 		Teach sister about iPortals
> 		Beat brainfugd
> 		Play trash pandas
> 		Sleep

- Statistics Continued:
	- Thoughts (since I typically have end-of-day thoughts)
		- Isn't it funny that I was striving to make a new category two days after starting to journal and it went barely used, and I'm only adding new ones now.